loosen version verification (#3750)
ActiveState/cli: readme.md

### Building & Testing

First run `state run install-deps-dev` followed by `state run preprocess` if you are building for the first time.

* **Building:** `state run build`
  * The built executable will be stored in the `build` directory
  * If you modified assets or switched branches, you need to re-run `state run preprocess` first

>   * The firs time you are building, or if you modified modules outside the primary state binary, run `state run build-all` instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The first time you are building, or if you modified modules outside the primary state binary, run `state run build-all`
```

You still need preprocess regardless.
